Q1: What do you expect a plot of the test statistic as a function of p to look like?
A: The chi**2 test statistic will be smallest as the value of p is closest to the actually probability
  of success
  
Q2: 
 a) plot(p.test,chi)
  abline(h= 1.92)
  I would estimate the 95% CI as 0.1 - 0.4 from looking at the graph
  
Q3: 
  a) The 95% CI is 0.149 - 0.259

L2 <- dbinom(20, 100, p.test)
plot(p.test, L2, type = 'l')
  
Q4: 
  a) In each successive distribution, the right tail of the distribution gets heavier, with
    the total probability less clustered around zero. 
  b) As the degrees of freedom increase, so does the probability of better model fits through
    chance, resulting in higher chi-squared values. 
    
Q5:
  a) In the likelihood ratio test, the p value gives the probability that the ratio of the log likelihoods
  of two models, one with an additional predictor, and one without, is drawn from a chi-squared distribution
  with an expected value of zero. 
  
Q6: Interpret this output:
  a) what does each chi-square statistic and p-value refer to?
      The chi-squared statistics is the chi squared value comparing model i and model i-1. Hence, the first model does not have a 
      chi-squared statistic. The p value can be interpreted as described in question 5. 
  b) What null hypotheses are being tested?
      The null hypotheses her is that adding and additional predictor (sex or age) does not change the likelihood of the model
      given the data. 
  c) Which variable(s) offer(s) significant predictive power?
      The sex variable adds significant predictive power. 
      
Q8: Not all models contain subsets of the same variables

Q9: Delta-AIC is the difference between the AIC of a given model and the AIC of the best model. Since AIC values are 
  unitless, this statistic is more meaningful than a raw AIC

Q10:The "best" model with the lowest AIC is Survived ~ SibSp*Age*Sex. The most important variables are sibling relationship
(SbS), age, and age*SbS
  
Q11: 
  a) The negative binomial distribution offers a slightly better fit on the basis of AIC. 
  b) The likelihood of the negative binomial distribution is higher than the likelihood of the
    poisson distribution, which is equivalent to stating that the probability of a random sample
    generating the given data is higher when sampling from a negative binomial distribution than
    it is when sampling from a poisson distribution.

Q12: 
  In the first scenario, the goal is to predict bee abundance from a more or less random set of variables.As part of this goal, we must
  discover which variables are related to bee abundance at all. 
  This might yield interesting results, but could also easily lead to drawing erroneous conclusions based purely on statistical artefacts. 
  In the second scenario, the goal is still to predict bee abundance, but rather than focusing on discovering which variables have
  any relationship with been abundance, we might be more concerned with the strength and predictive power of such relationships.
  Moreover, some preexisting knowledge about our variables decreases the probability of finding purely spurious correlations.
  It's definitely still possible, but the odds of interpreting pure noise as signal are somewhat lowered, since we already hypothesize
  that our variables should be related to bee abundance, and *maybe* even have some ideas about the mechanisms behind such a relationship.
  
Q13: 
  X4 and X12 seem to be the most important, followed by x1. However, it should be noted that all of the models have fairly low weight
  
  
  
